hello youtubers and I just wanted to
come to you on my very first video so
please forgive me if I make any mistakes
along the way but I wanted to start
making my first lace for way and I
needed a hair block and I bought all my
materials but I ran out of money for my
hair black so i'm going to show you not
exactly i'm just going to tell you what
I used to make my own headline what I
did is I went to the beauty supply store
any local beauty supply and I got a head
a foam head sea foam hand and what I did
is I took two male knitted caps I put
one cap on here and then I put the other
cap on here as well then I at the beauty
supply store I got me some weed counts
so I put a black wig cap I put the black
wig cap over the whole head over the
whole head and then when I did that I
thought about it wow you know it's nice
and soft and the foam is you know it's
not messing up or anything like that so
what I also did is discovered okay it
worked well but I contact a personal
YouTube to ask how can I see the lace
more clearly to be able to stitch the
hair and she suggested blue tape so I
went and got some blue electrical tape
which is this right here see I use this
and what I did is I cover my whole hand
even with the the wig cap and as well as
the hats because you was only going to
see the hats at the bottom but after you
put the wig cap made it nice
oh I covered the whole head now when you
do that once you cover the head on here
from right here the back comes all the
way in like it comes in to like you know
you got the side and it comes in to
right here so that is too for a regular
head when you put on your your tap your
template it did sit in that you have no
support back here so what I did is I
took the tape and I put layers and
layers and layers that made it this
thick see I think it is look how thick
this neck is this nick is really really
thick which it would have normally been
like from right here to like right here
but look how much layers i put in here
to make it really thick like the back of
your head that would be just like a
regular hair block so after I did that
I've made my template and I put it right
over my head to make sure everything
looks good and everything is right
because that is what told me that I
needed more layers on the head so look
at this it fits perfect look at that see
it fits perfect
and on top of that let me take it off
okay just a second okay on top of that
i'm going to show you how the penis
doesn't make a difference because
because you have the layering from the
two hats plus the wig cap you can stick
a pin in it see okay you go straight
through straight through see let me show
you again with the different color right
here look at that see and then on top of
that look at this like i said can you
see me bending it in look at can you see
that cushion right there well you know
you can't get that cushion from a
Styrofoam just a plain styrofoam like
that so that's all cushion that you may
and on top of that your styrofoam head
will last so much longer than a regular
styrofoam you can even put your wig on
top of it your hat whatever you want
jury whatever you want but you can still
use that and on top of that I didn't I'm
trying to I don't know where for the
stand I need to have a stand to for the
head so you know what I did I took a
large diet and took the top half off and
let stand up that it was a lot it was
really large I can't find a near me
right now but trust me it works it works
where you want to have your head up like
this and you want to work from the back
it works and I did all of this for ten
dollars okay this tape was 386 at
walmart the styrofoam was 399 at your
local beauty supply store the and my
opinions right here i got these pants
for walmart dollar fifty seven look at
dollar fifty seven
480 pins I got that and like I said I
just wanted my first video to be
something that could help anybody that
was starting off or just the people who
already know to have experience in this
that you know just different ways that
you can save money how about saving
money lord knows I'm about saving money
but I'm about being wise to with my
money so in order to be able to buy
everything that I need I had to save in
other corners in other ways so if you
have any questions feel free to contact
me I would be happy to respond back to
your questions and once again like I
said this is my very first video so bear
with me and I'm going to try to do
another video they have a new tool that
came out that you can work with in
applying the hair to the cap and it's so
small it looks just like to all the
people who used to do those rocks that
you used to have the latch hook that's
how small that hook looks it looks just
like a little bitty bitty bitty teeny
little latch hook they go straight
through the lace I already tried it and
then stick it in you put your hair boom
it was quickly worked at that quickly I
mean it saves a lot of time for me
because lord knows I'm a beginner at
this so I need to save as much time as I
can because I have poppers around the
house but listen it was great talking to
you and speaking with you and I hope I
saved everybody money once again this is
the way it looks see
and be blessed and making and creating
and also dozens helps you to create
things that's already out but using your
surroundings to create it so thank you
once again and it was very talking to
you